[Music]
hello it's ruby and today i'm going to
be showing you what i eat in a day at
university obviously this changes so so
much from day to day but this is just
one
random day that i decided to film i
start off my day every morning by
drinking
a large glass of water just because it's
good to rehydrate your body
and i have tea multiple times a day so i
get to boiling the kettle
i keep my tea bags in this piff and nut
tin
and today i decided to have a matcha
latte
so i just took a teaspoon of this matcha
powder this one's from pure chimp and
it's really good i am really enjoying it
i add a little bit of boiling water
and then i whisk that up with a milk
frother um this is a really good hack
because it means you don't have to
properly whisk it with the bamboo whisk
i whisk up the matcha then i add some
plant milk today i'm using coconut and
almond because that's what we had
so most days since coming back to
university i have had porridge for
breakfast but
today i was really fancying frozen fruit
so
i had a frozen fruit bowl which i'd
never tried before
i just added frozen bananas and frozen
mango and then i added loads of toppings
a little frozen fruit ball yeah and you
know
oh i haven't done that before
blake news suggested adding the milk
which i did you've got to leave it a
little bit
now i'm going to take my giant one
kilogram
perfect nut butter add the whole thing
we're making progress through quite
like things yeah like we've actually
used up that much that's actually quite
a lot
also look how much whole earth we've
eaten and
we're making our way slowly through both
the mana life
and the gingerbread i added some hemp
seeds also some flaxseed
and then there's coconut flakes on top
and i added peanut butter as well as
almond butter here's the necessary
coconut oil spin this was such a
delicious breakfast
actually the milk has worked really well
really and like the banana juice from
the frozen bananas has kind of like
gone into the milk yeah it's like it's
like frozen
yeah that's really good yeah it worked
really well thank you
[Music]
it was a very cold breakfast though so i
so i decided to get some licorice and
cinnamon tea instead of having the
matcha because i needed something warm
to warm up my body
then we had a seminar and when we got
back we had lunch pretty much straight
away
we had breakfast for lunch so we were
really fancying
cereal bowls everyone's gonna judge us
so badly
having breakfast for lunch is literally
my new favorite thing i think i have
porridge most days for lunch
it's a really filling lunch and
i just really enjoy it blake and you
made us some afternoon
tea oh yeah i need the dramatic
hand movements hand model look at this
how beautiful is the packaging
[Music]
okay that's very aesthetic
and then the poor extraordinaire
from a height you can do it from a heist
well
it's kind of fresh this is why you are
my my housemate because you can pour
like that
this is the reason i'm here
oh gosh i felt my tongue
it's nice though yeah it's like you can
get the chocolatey kind of cinnamony at
the same time
very coconutty very coconutty yeah and
very sweet without being like bitter
mmm yes very very good tea
must say well done sainsbury's good job
we for went holland and barrett for
sainsbury's tea and
it really paid off really did pay off
and it was cheaper
tea reviews every week every single week
we review a
that would actually be so cool it'll be
an excuse to buy new tea every week
yes just like out of context there's a
normal study vid and then like instead
of two
tv review of the week i actually really
want to do that now
comment a tea emoji if you want to see
tea reviews
i think like your video is just going to
be like take it down some dislike on the
internet yeah
why is this my most disliked video yeah
it's not
like really not want this and we're like
we're gonna bring it to you don't you
worry
the internet will soon find it okay
anyway stay tuned for next week's tea
test
bye bye key time
i went up to my desk with my mug of tea
and and i did some work for a couple
hours
after maybe three hours i had a naked
bar
this is the peanut delight one which is
hands down my favorite so blakely and i
went on to campus for a theatrical
seminar today which was very exciting
like it was really fun i do really like
the module
um going onto campus is always a little
bit scary i'm finding
um but the university's got such good
precautions in place that i definitely
do feel safe and i was sitting by the
window which made me feel a lot better
too
after the seminar we went straight
into town to pop into sainsburys to get
some food and
so i thought i'd give you a quick food
haul i don't know i feel like it fits
quite nicely with this video obvious
first essential is hummus we got
moroccan
hummus and classic hummus i got orange
and mango juice and
this is as you will see for my iron
supplement because vitamin c helps with
iron absorption
on the veggie front you've got cherry
tomatoes mushrooms
a cauliflower a courgette
a lettuce and some spinach finally for
fridge this is actually from
tesco because they didn't have yogurt
and sainsbury's we got this
yogurt it's like the tesco free from
yogurt if you can see
and this is disgusting um don't buy this
we've had it with lunch like with the
porridge and i
literally had to like scrape mine off
and put it on the bin i just really
don't like it so we might try adding it
to smoothies or something and maybe that
will be better
okay we also got some bananas
sainsbury's
has the best prices for bananas you saw
that we got this tea to try
um our dry food is down here we got some
fake special k some fake wheat fix oh
yeah we got some pita bread
yeah i think that's it we didn't really
need to get anything else because we
have
all of our dry foods in so it was just a
matter of getting the fresh stuff
like mainly the fruit and veg oh and
with apples
this is my food cupboard as you can see
i've just put some tea up here uh which
flake needs obviously welcome so you can
help myself do water drops there
tea cup tupperware wooden cutlery and
milk frother yeah basically they're all
my essentials and
both of us have also got these crates uh
so these are kind of my snacks and those
are blake new snacks uh which is
quite nice just for us to put the food
in that is more our own personally
i'm just gonna grab a cream cracker
which i love i'm a big
cream cracker fan um and we've got this
big hummus we've got this like massive
him it's so good it's literally like so
creamy
um also like so good for the two of us
because we both eat a lot of hummus
and it's a 500 gram and it kind of like
lasts us really well
so
i also took my vitamins here i actually
completely forgot to film it this day
so i'm including a clip that i filmed
the next day
i take iron supplements so i have these
little iron sachets
and you take them with juice so i just
pour this into my glass and then add
some orange juice on top
which is really good because vitamin c
increases iron absorption so they're
really good to have together
[Music]
and then i also take some omega-3s and
some d3 tablets i actually don't take
b12 which lots of people find surprising
because
many vegans are b12 deficient but i
drink a lot of
fortified milk and that does have b12 in
it so
i'm not b12 division okay i'm now gonna
try going on a run i haven't been on a
run
for like two three months because my
ankle was playing up
i'm gonna try today because i'm really
in the mood for a run and
i think my ankle is strong enough to do
it like i'm gonna
walk and run i'm not gonna do you know
like a long run i think i'm probably
gonna
walk for five minutes run for five
minutes but it'll be nice to get out the
house and
i will see you when i'm back
okay i'm on one of the walking sections
of my run
and my ankle is like i can
feel it but i can't it doesn't really
hurt
and my physio said that it's okay so
long as it doesn't hurt so yeah that's
good
okay i spoke too soon it is actually
kind of hurting now
so i'm probably just gonna walk back
yeah this was okay like i'm glad i did
it
i'm back from iran and i'm gonna get
started with doing some empire of
liberty work
um this is the american literature
module that i'm doing and i cannot tell
you
how excited i am for it i never tend to
talk too much about the actual content
that i learn or like things i'm looking
into um
i just kind of show you the time lapses
and things but
let me know if that's the kind of thing
that you want me to show more of on my
channel because i definitely would be
up for doing that i mean i'm loving my
modules so much at the moment and loving
like really being able to engage with
them
we looked at the declaration of
independence and some short stories by
washington irving last week and i've
never actually read any washington
nerving before
it's literally so it's so striking
how different irving's writing is to
like later writing in the period and
what we kind of commonly associate with
being
american literature like we're looking
at um melville this week
and he asks um hawthorne both of whom
i've read a little bit of
and style is decidedly more
american i think i'm really excited to
examine like the difference between
irving and melville and hawthorne and
how kind of in
like a relatively short space of time i
think you do see quite a big shift in
the literature style and like the
writing style and it becomes more
american so yeah i'm really excited for
this week i think
this week might be my most the one i'm
most excited for on the module
no that's a lie actually we're doing
dickinson later this time so obviously
but okay sorry digression this was meant
to be like a food and exercise health
focused vlog because
i thought i needed to like slightly
thematically theme these vlogs because
i'm doing so many of them over the next
two weeks but
anyway i'm gonna get on with doing that
studying and i will see you at dinner
and tonight was my night to cook we
basically cook each maybe two times a
week
today i'm making sweet potatoes
and normal potatoes with a homemade bean
dish
so we had some beans left over i just
cooked up those black beans
i sauteed up some onion and garlic with
[Music]
it
and then i wanted to add a tin of
tomatoes but i really
really struggled with this can opener
this original video was
actually five minutes long i tried to
open it for five minutes this is in part
because it's a really bad can opener and
in part because
i am obviously very bad at using candy
for this
blakely managed to open it my hands are
covered in bean juice
this is the finished meal so you can see
we've got the beans we've got the potato
and we've got some black olives with it
too
and we had that with hummus too we ended
up having half a sweet potato each and
half a normal potato
and we did go up and get seconds anyway
that's everything i ate today
thank you so much for watching this
video i hope you enjoyed it and i hope
that you have a productive week
[Music]
you